[bVirtualScroll] Fixed issue with loaders disappears (#273)
V4Fire/Client: src/base/b-virtual-scroll/CHANGELOG.md

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

## v3.0.0-rc.31 (2020-06-17)

#### :bug: Bug Fix

> * Fixed a problem with the disappearance of loaders before the content was rendered in `bVirtualScroll`

Reviewer: Тут писать конкретизацию компонента нет смысла

> * Fixed a problem with the disappearance of loaders before the content was rendered in `b-virtual-scroll`

Reviewer: давай писать компоненты в CamelCase если ты не укзываешь определенный путь

> * Fixed a problem with the disappearance of loaders before the content was rendered in `b-virtual-scroll`

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed a problem with the disappearance of loaders before the content was rendered in `bVirtualScroll`
```
